DOCS-1605 - Add frontmatter descriptions to search operators (#6677)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/num.md

id: num
title: num Search Operator
sidebar_label: num

> description: Use the num operator to convert a field to a 64-bit IEEE 754 double-precision floating-point number, providing twice the accuracy of 32-bit float values.

Reviewer: Sounds a little marketing-y. I'd write something like:

```suggestion
description: Use the num operator to convert a field to a double-precision floating-point number for use in numeric calculations.
```
